good afternoon everyone our goal today
is to provide an update on some key
initiatives for 2013 I'd also like to
introduce first our owner shot con our
new general manager David Caldwell and
our new head coach Gus Bradley our new
season begins today and this event
serves as our first formal outreach as
we embark upon a new era for the
Jacksonville Jaguars we now in my
opinion have the ideal franchise model
with incredible leadership on both sides
the business side and the football side
and a game plan for success that won't
be limited just on weekends in the fall
I am confident the victories the winds
will come we are proud we are rooted in
the American spirit and the military
values that represent the people in this
community we have a lot to be proud of
in Jacksonville in it is time we express
it we are bold we are trailblazers
leading the way for purposeful change
broadening our reach pushing forward and
breaking through barriers and we are
committed we are dedicated to each other
and the Jacksonville community
cultivating meaningful relationships
with our teammates fans neighbors
everyday so proud bold committed you
roll those three brand values into one
and you have the inspiration fueling our
stand united theme for 2013 now it's my
honor to unveil the new primary logo for
Jacksonville Jaguars our new symbol for
new generation
you